Added instructions to remove a badge (#40333)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/dashboards/badges.markdown

  Adding a badge to a dashboard.
</p>

## Removing a badge

1. Go to the dashboard edit the dashboard (steps 1-3 in [adding a badge](#adding-a-badge-to-your-dashboard)).

> 2. Hover over the badge to reveal the overflow menu (3 dots).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Hover over the badge to reveal the three dots {% icon "mdi:dots-vertical" %} menu.
```

    ![Screenshot showing edit buttons](/images/dashboards/edit_badge.png)

> 3. Click on the overflow menu and select **Delete**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the three dots {% icon "mdi:dots-vertical" %} menu and select **Delete**.
```

>     ![Screenshot showing overflow menu](/images/dashboards/edit_badge_menu.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![Screenshot showing the three dots menu](/images/dashboards/edit_badge_menu.png)
```
